Marie is a recurring character in the Splatoon series. She is part of the Squid Sisters pop idol duo, along with her cousin Callie, as well as Agent 2 of the New Squidbeak Splatoon. In Splatoon, she co-hosted Inkopolis News and Splatfest events. Additionally, she is a major character in the single-player modes Octo Valley (Splatoon), Octo Canyon (Splatoon 2), and Return of the Mammalians (Splatoon 3). Her signature color is lime green.

Callie (アオリ Aori?, lit. Bigfin reef squid), is a recurring character in the Splatoon franchise, and one of the former hosts for the Inkopolis News program, which announces events, and battle-related news. She used to host with Marie and manage Splatfests. She is a member of the famous duo the Squid Sisters, a singing duo in Inkopolis. In Hero Mode, it is revealed that she is Craig Cuttlefish's granddaughter. She is also Agent 1 of the New Squidbeak Splatoon. Despite their title being "Squid Sisters", Callie and Marie are actually cousins. She is voiced by Keity.pop and her signature color is pink.

Marina Ida is a major character introduced in Splatoon 2. She is one of the two members of the band Off the Hook, along with Pearl. In Splatoon 2, she co-hosted Inkopolis News and Splatfest events, replacing the role of the Squid Sisters from the first game. She returns in Splatoon 3 as a member of Damp Socks feat. Off the Hook. Additionally, she is a major character in the DLC single-player campaigns Octo Expansion (Splatoon 2) and Side Order (Splatoon 3). Her signature color is teal.

Pearl Houzuki is a major character introduced in Splatoon 2. She is one of the two members of the band Off the Hook, along with Marina. In Splatoon 2, she co-hosted Inkopolis News and Splatfest events, replacing the role of the Squid Sisters from the first game. She returns in Splatoon 3 as a member of Damp Socks feat. Off the Hook. Additionally, she is a major character in the DLC single-player campaigns Octo Expansion (Splatoon 2) and Side Order (Splatoon 3). In the latter, she appears in an alternate form called the Pearl Drone. Her signature color is light pink.